DO NOT MERGE [Durable Objects] Make Durable Objects a tile (#9477)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/learning/durable-objects-migrations.md

To illustrate an example migrations workflow, the `DurableObjectExample` class can be initially defined with:

```toml
---
filename: wrangler.toml
---
[[migrations]]
tag = "v1" # Should be unique for each entry
new_classes = ["DurableObjectExample"] # Array of new classes
```

Each migration in the list can have multiple directives, and multiple migrations can be specified as your project grows in complexity. For example, you may want to rename the `DurableObjectExample` class to `UpdatedName` and delete an outdated `DeprecatedClass` entirely.

```toml
---
filename: wrangler.toml
---
[[migrations]]
tag = "v1" # Should be unique for each entry
new_classes = ["DurableObjectExample"] # Array of new classes

[[migrations]]
tag = "v2"
renamed_classes = [{from = "DurableObjectExample", to = "UpdatedName" }] # Array of rename directives
deleted_classes = ["DeprecatedClass"] # Array of deleted class names
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

Note that `.toml` files do not allow line breaks in inline tables (the `{key = "value"}` syntax), but line breaks in the surrounding inline array are acceptable.

{{</Aside>}}

### Durable Object migrations through Wrangler CLI

> It is possible to define a migration through extra arguments to the `wrangler deploy` command. When taking this route, any migrations listed in the `wrangler.toml` configuration file are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define a migration through extra arguments to the [`wrangler deploy`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy) command. When taking this route, any migrations listed in the `wrangler.toml` configuration file are ignored.
```

{{<Aside type="warning" header="Important">}}

Running a delete migration will delete all Durable Object instances associated with the deleted class, including all of their stored data. Do not run a delete migration on a class without first ensuring that you are not relying on the Durable Objects within that class anymore. Copy any important data to some other location before deleting.

{{</Aside>}}

### Durable Object migrations in `wrangler.toml`

Migrations are performed through the `[[migrations]]` configurations key in your `wrangler.toml` file. 

Migrations require a migration tag, which is defined by the `tag` property in each migration entry. 

Migration tags are treated like unique names and are used to determine which migrations have already been applied. Once a given Worker script has a migration tag set on it, all future Worker script deployments must include a migration tag.

The migration list is an ordered array of tables, specified as a top-level key in your `wrangler.toml` file. The migration list is inherited by all environments and cannot be overridden by a specific environment.

> All migrations are applied at deployment. Each migration can only be applied once per [environment](/workers/wrangler/environments/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All migrations are applied at deployment. Each migration can only be applied once per [environment](/durable-objects/platform/environments/).
```
